After working on this recommendation feature for a while,
you've created a model to produce recommendations based on friend groups.
The model is scored pretty well on your validation set,
but you remember it did even better just a few hours ago.
You've been experimenting with tweaks to this model,
and you're not sure what combination of parameters
and tweaks were in place when your model scored the highest.
Luckily, you've been including a message with each commit noting what
you did as well as the training and cross-validation scores for each commit.
Instead of spending a bunch of time trying to retrace your steps from
memory or testing a bunch of tweaks again to try and get the same score,
you can check your commit history seeing messages
of the changes you need and how well it performed.
The model at this commit seem to be scoring the highest,
so you decide to take a look.
After inspecting your code,
you've realized what modifications made this perform well and use those for your model.
Now, you're pretty confident merging this back
to the develop branch and pushing the updated recommendation engine.